Updated to use new pulsar decisions API endpoint (#919)
DataDog/integrations-extras: ns1/README.md

> # NS1 + Datadog Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NS1 Integration
```

## Overview

> This integration monitors NS1 services through the Datadog Agent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration monitors [NS1](https://ns1.com/) services through the Datadog Agent
```

Let's keep the link to NS1 website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration monitors [NS1][1] services through the Datadog Agent.
```
Links must be done reference-style, collected at the bottom of the file like before.

![Snap](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/ns1/images/overview.png)

## Setup

> Download and install the [Datadog Agent](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent/overview), then follow the instructions below to install and configure this integration for an Agent running on a host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and install the [Datadog Agent][2], and follow the instructions below to install and configure this integration for an Agent running on a host.
```

## Installation

> Refer to Datadog’s [community integrations installation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/community-integrations-installation-with-docker-agent/?tab=agentabovev68) page for the specific steps to install the NS1 integration as an add-on, since it is not packaged and built into the Datadog Agent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See Datadog’s [community integrations installation][3] page for the specific steps to install the NS1 integration as an add-on, since it is not packaged and built into the Datadog Agent. 
```

> Note that the minimum Agent version required for supporting integrations is 7.21.0. NS1 recommends using the latest version of the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The minimum Agent version required for supporting integrations is 7.21.0. NS1 recommends using the latest version of the Datadog Agent.
```

When running the installation process, make sure to do so using the following variables specific to the NS1 integration:

* <INTEGRATION_NAME>:  NS1
* <INTEGRATION_VERSION>:  0.0.3

## Configuration

> To configure and activate the NS1 integration, follow the steps [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/#configuring-agent-integrations). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure and activate the NS1 integration, see the [Getting started with Integrations][4] information on configuring Agent integrations. 
```

> See the [sample ns1.d/conf.yaml](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/ns1/datadog_checks/ns1/data/conf.yaml.example) for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [sample ns1.d/conf.yaml][5] for all available configuration options.
```

### Validation

> To validate your Agent and integration configuration, [run the Agent's status subcommand](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information) and look for ns1 under the Checks section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate your Agent and integration configuration, [run the Agent's status subcommand][6] and look for `ns1` under the Checks section.
```

## Data Collected

## Metrics

> See [metadata.csv](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/ns1/metadata.csv) for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][7] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

## Service Checks

> The NS1 integration sends the following service check after each run:
> ns1.can_connect returns CRITICAL if the Agent fails to receive a 200 from the NS1 API endpoint or returns OK if all endpoints respond properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The NS1 integration sends the following service check after each run:

`ns1.can_connect` returns CRITICAL if the Agent fails to receive a 200 response code from the NS1 API endpoint or returns OK if all endpoints respond properly.
```

needs extra new line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [service_checks.json][8] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.
```
This "magic sentence" pulls in the service check info from the config file and formats it consistently (like the Data Collected magic sentence does for metrics). @ruthnaebeck Can you confirm I've done this correctly?

## Events

The NS1 integration does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][9].
```

> For more details about this integration, see the [NS1 + Datadog Integration](https://help.ns1.com/hc/en-us/articles/4402752547219) article in the NS1 Help Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about this integration, see the [NS1 + Datadog Integration][10] article in the NS1 Help Center.
```

> 

Reviewer: ... and insert the list of link references here.
